doc/ADMIN.md, before:

### Register a new domain and add it to YunoHost

- Your website based on the [streams repository](https://codeberg.org/streams/streams/) requires a dedicated domain, so obtain one and add it using the YunoHost admin panel. **Domains -> Add domain**. As your website uses the full domain and is installed on the root, you can create a subdomain such as mywebsite.domain.tld. Don't forget to update your DNS records if you manage them manually.

### Admin user rights, logs and failed database updates

- **Admin account**: When installation is complete, you must visit your new website and create the first account using the **admin's email address** (the admin is the YunoHost user which was chosen at the beginning of the installation process). You will then be able to create your first channel and have access the **admin pages** for your website.

- **Failing to get admin rights**: If the admin cannot access the admin settings at `https://mywebsite.domain.tld/admin` or you want to grant admin rights to any other registered user on your website, then you have to **manually add 4096** to the ***account_roles*** under ***accounts*** for that user in the **database through software like phpMyAdmin**.

- **For logs**: Go to **admin->logs** and enter the file name **php.log**.

- **Failed Database after Upgrade**: If the database upgrade fails after version upgrade, you can visit the dedicated page, `https://mywebsite.domain.tld/admin/dbsync/`, and check the numbers of failed updates. These updates will have to be ran manually using software such as **phpMyAdmin**.

Commit message:

Update admin section in doc

doc/ADMIN.md, after:

### Register a new domain and add it to YunoHost

- Your website based on the [streams repository](https://codeberg.org/streams/streams/) requires a dedicated domain, so obtain one and add it using the YunoHost admin panel. **Domains -> Add domain**. As your website uses the full domain and is installed on the root, you can create a subdomain such as mywebsite.domain.tld. Don't forget to update your DNS records if you manage them manually.

### Git branches and code updates

- **Git branches**: the default branch used is "release", which should be considered as the stable version of the software. You can, at your own risk, switch to the "dev" development branch by using the `git checkout dev` command in the installation directory. To return to the stable branch, simply use the `git checkout release` command.

- **Automatic updates**: your website code will be updated automatically every day at 5:30. The update log `daily-updates.log` is available in the directory /home/yunohost.app/streams (or /home/yunohost.app/streams__X, in the case of multiple installations, 'X' being the number corresponding to the relevant installation).

- **Manual updates**: you can run a manual update using the command `sudo -u streams util/udall` in the installation directory (or `sudo -u streams__X util/udall` in the case of multiple installations). If you want to keep a record of your manual update in `daily-updates.log`, you can run `bash daily-update.sh` in the /home/yunohost.app/streams directory (or /home/yunohost.app/streams__X).

### Admin user rights, logs and failed database updates

- **Admin account**: When installation is complete, you must visit your new website and create the first account using the **admin's email address** (the admin is the YunoHost user which was chosen at the beginning of the installation process). You will then be able to create your first channel and have access the **admin pages** for your website.

- **Failing to get admin rights**: If the admin cannot access the admin settings at `https://mywebsite.domain.tld/admin` or you want to grant admin rights to any other registered user on your website, then you have to **manually add 4096** to the ***account_roles*** under ***accounts*** for that user in the **database through software like phpMyAdmin**.

- **For logs**: Go to **admin->logs** and enter the file name **php.log**.

- **Failed Database after Upgrade**: If the database upgrade fails after version upgrade, you can visit the dedicated page, `https://mywebsite.domain.tld/admin/dbsync/`, and check the numbers of failed updates. These updates will have to be ran manually using software such as **phpMyAdmin**.
