doc/DESCRIPTION.md, before:

[Zap](https://zotlabs.com/zap/) is an an ethical alternative to Fediverse that provides powerful features for creating interconnected websites featuring a decentralized identity, communications, and permissions framework built using common webserver technology.

Compatible with **Mastodon**, **Pleroma**, **Pixelfed**, **Friendica**, **Hubzilla**, **Funkwhale**, **Peertube**, **Plume**, **WriteFreely** and many, many more.

## Unique Features of ZAP

- **Groups** : public, private, and moderated.
- **Events** : Calendar and attendance; automatic birthday notifications for friends using this feature.
- **Cloud**storage : Built-in network file storage integrated with social networking access.
- **Editor** : Supports both markdown and bbcode. Use either or both - if you want.
- **Share**: Drag-and-drop a number of different things such as files, photos, webpages, maps, phone numbers to share- them.
- **Lists**: Sometimes referred to as circles or aspects, this lets you define your own groups of related friends and- communicate with them as a private group.
- **Extend** : Change or upgrade your software functionality as desired by installing additional features from addons and- the free app collection.

Commit message:

We adapt latest Zap YunoHost package for Streams, and needed stuff for Composer

doc/DESCRIPTION.md, after:

[Streams](https://codeberg.org/streams/streams/) is an open source fediverse server with a long history of innovation. See [FEATURES](https://codeberg.org/streams/streams/src/branch/dev/FEATURES.md).

This software is dedicated to the public domain to the extent permissable by law and is not associated with any consumer brand or product.

Compatible with **Mastodon**, **Pleroma**, **Pixelfed**, **Friendica**, **Hubzilla**, **Funkwhale**, **Peertube**, **Plume**, **WriteFreely** and many, many more.

## Unique Features of Streams

- **Federated Single Sign-on** : Makes private/protected resources on external sites as accessible as on local sites.
- **Federated Access Control** : Works with Federated Single Sign-on to provide private/protected media and web resources to anybody, including those visiting from different sites.
- **Groups** : Public, private, and moderated. These work across nearly all fediverse platforms.
- **Events** : Calendar and attendance; automatic timezone adjusted birthday notifications for friends using this feature.
- **Permissions** : Because not everybody wishes to converse with and share intimate facets of their life with random strangers.
- **Cloud storage** : Built-in network file storage integrated with federated access control and social networking access/permissions. Available over WebDAV.
- **Editor** : Supports markdown, html, and bbcode. Use any or all of these in any post to create a media rich experience. Post editing and preview are supported. It is somewhat unlikely that in normal use you will exceed the federated post length limits (roughly 100 printed pages of text). There are no arbitrary limits placed on the number of attached photos, files, or poll responses.
- **Share** : Drag-and-drop a number of different things such as files, photos, videos, webpages, maps, fediverse articles, and phone numbers to share them.
- **Lists** : Sometimes referred to as circles or aspects, this lets you define your own groups of related friends and communicate with them as a private group.
- **Extend** : Change or upgrade your software functionality as desired by installing additional features from addons and the free app collection.
- **Guest Pass** : Provide special guest access to private resources and media - on your terms.
- **Friend Zoom** : Set your degree of closeness to any connection and then interactively zoom in to filter your stream to close friends; or zoom out to see posts by casual acquaintances.
- **Location Services** : Check-in, check-out, and search by distance
- **Delivery Reports** : In a decentralised multi-platform world, stuff happens. Sites and networks sometimes go down. Project developers sometimes introduce bugs and incompatibilities. This allows you to determine what happened to your post or comment and where it actually went once you published it.
- **Failsafe** : Because the best time to have a current backup of your data is 10 seconds ago. Clone your online identity and content to multiple sites using the Nomad protocol and mirror any changes in near realtime. Then, if your chosen site goes down (either temporarily or permanently) or you get booted off of it for some reason, your online life doesn't have to come to an end or force you to start over. All your friends and all your content are available on any of your cloned instances - at any time.
- **ActivityPub** : Provides the ActivityPub "Client to Server" API for use with external apps.
